README.md, before:

# Flashcard Images

## Overview

During the process of creating language learning flashcards for my Japanese studies, I discovered I was spending a large portion of my time finding pneumonic images. In order to trick my brain a bit and speed up the process, I put together this simple image search UI that queries Pixabay or Unsplash. The search endpoints are secured so that someone else can't blow through my hourly picture allotment, but other than that this is basically as straight forward as it gets.

It turns out the secret is removing as many decisions from the process as possible. Once I have decided I need an image using an english-language search, I simply enter the term in the Flashcard Images app and it gives me 30, flashcard-sized images from Unsplash or 60 from Pixabay. There are no "next page" buttons or "more like this" modals, just straight-forward, one-dimensional image results.

So far, this tool alone has helped shave a considerable amount of time off of my flashcard creation process every day. I plan to continue to look for more opportunities like this to simplify and decrease decision overhead in my learning workflow.

Commit message:

Add flickr, fix UI bug
- New provider, flickr added
- UI no longer clears input field after search (test suite also updated to cover this requirement)
- Documentation updated

README.md, after:

# Flashcard Images

## Overview

During the process of creating language learning flashcards for my Japanese studies, I discovered I was spending a large portion of my time searching for pneumonic images. In order to trick my brain a bit and speed up the process, I put together this simple image search UI that queries a handful of image providers, including Pixabay, Unsplash, Pexels and Flickr. The search endpoints are secured so that someone else can't blow through my hourly API request allotment, but other than that this is basically as straight forward as it gets.

It turns out the secret to moving quickly for me is removing as many decisions from the process as possible. Now, once I have decided I need an image I simply enter the term in the Flashcard Images app and it gives me a small collection of high-quality images that match my term. There are no "next page" buttons or "more like this" modals, just straight-forward, one-dimensional image results.

So far, this tool alone has helped shave a considerable amount of time off of my flashcard creation process every day. I plan to continue to look for more opportunities like this to simplify and decrease decision overhead in my learning workflow.
